Who are you? Do you know who I am?
Who do I care who you are? If you dare to bully my wife and children again, I will beat you.
Wasn't your daughter saved by a nurse?
Is it okay to let doctors save your wife's son?
Even if a child from the Qunwei family is saved, you will still suffer.
Is that human language? It was her son who pushed my daughter down.
Are you Qun Wei's daughter? Can you protect our son?
I'm here for you! Can't you kill me?
I will kill your whole family? Why are you arguing?
Oops, Zhao comes home, why are you here?
I heard something happened
Can someone like this from Zhao Gua build a mountain?
Zhao goes home. Where are you, sister?
Me, my Tianhai magnet from last year came up
Just like I had dinner with you
Brothers and sisters, if your child needs anything, just ask.
The hospital will fully cooperate with us
This Qunwei turned out to be a friend back home
It seems that when Zhao returned home, he was interested in this place.
This time, your lady mentioned the iron plate.